<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta name="Ben Luo" http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<title>Team C Requirements Questions</title>
</head>
<body>

<h1>Requirements Questions</h1>

<p><b>Team C<br></br>For class on Tues. 2-26-13<br></br>Drafted by Ben Luo, Anni Deshar</b>
<br></br>Updated with answers from client interview (3-5-13)
<br></br>Additions by Kyle Penniston(3-14-13)</p>


<table border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" width="750">

<tr><th>1) Purpose/Main Functionalities</th></tr>

<tr><p>1) What is the most important function of the program?</p>
<p>&emsp;&emsp;To provide, a SIMPLE, intuitive, smooth interface for creating aesthetically polished argument maps.</p>
</tr>

<tr><p>2) Who are the primary users of the program, and what is their level of technical knowledge?</p>
<p>&emsp;&emsp;Students and professors.</p>
</tr>

<tr><p>3) Can you draw an example argument map the way you would want the program to produce it?</p>
<p>&emsp;&emsp;<i>Diagram similar to Rationale tutorial diagrams (boxes, connectors, appearances)</i></p>
<p>&emsp;A) What elements of an argument do you wish to be represented? (e.g., thesis, premises, objections, etc)</p>
</tr>

<tr><p>4) How much, if any, of this project is already underway?</p>
<p>&emsp;&emsp;A student team has tested argument mapping with various available software.</p>
</tr>

<tr><p>5) Have you considered repurposing an already available product (or products) to meet your needs?</p>
<p>&emsp;&emsp;Rationale is expensive and not sufficiently cross-platform capable. Using other graphics
software is possible, but the client desires a dedicated application.</p>
</tr>

<tr><p>6) Should we provide templates?</p>
<p>&emsp;&emsp;Sure, provide 'this is what an argument is' type templates.</p>
</tr>

<tr><p>7) What are the must-have features?</p>
<p>&emsp;&emsp;Cross-platform, makes aesthetic diagrams with little effort, features to work through the tutorials on the Rationale website, saving the diagram, ability to print/make pdf, able to submit electronically or via hard copy, color settings.</p>
</tr>

<tr><p>8) Should there be extra meta data attachable to the map?</p>
<p>&emsp;&emsp;Sticky-note type comments for collaboration/grading/tutoring would be great.</p>
</tr>
<tr>&nbsp;</tr>

<tr><th>2) Logistics</th></tr>

<tr><p>1) Would you prefer a standalone desktop application or a web application (in-browser, like 
Google Docs)?</p>
<p>&emsp;&emsp;Either is fine as long as the product is cross-platform capable. Prefer to stay away from
volatile or soon-to-be obsolete platforms like Java or Flash. OS-independent environment 
like JS or HTML5 preferred.</p>
<p>&emsp;A) If desktop, what platform(s) do you require it to run on? (Windows, Mac OS, Linux, mobile)</p>
<p>&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;Windows, Mac, and Linux compatibility are required. Mobile/touchscreen compatibility
considered a major plus for potential longevity.</p>
</tr>

<tr><p>2) What file format(s) should the file produce?</p>
<p>&emsp;&emsp;At least one pdf or image format for visual presentation/printing.</p>
</tr>

<tr><p>3) Are there any security concerns we should be aware of?</p>
<p>&emsp;&emsp;Files created by the program are not subject to security concerns. Authentication through/hosting on
Truman network may eventually be an issue if the product is a web app.</p>
</tr>

<tr><p>4) What do you deem an acceptable trade-off between schedule and quality?</p>
<p>&emsp;Development time is basically confined to this semester due to class schedule.</p>
</tr>

<tr><p>5) Who will be using the software?</p>
<p>&emsp;&emsp;Students will be the main users, but anyone should be able to use it.</p>
</tr>

<tr><p>6) Is anything likely to change?</p>
<p>&emsp;&emsp;Increasing tablet use, might need more complex argument types or new types of boxes/connectors.</p>
</tr>

<tr>&nbsp;</tr>

<tr><th>3) User Interface</th></tr>

<tr><p>1) Pretend you are using the program, finished as you envision it. Walk step-by-step through 
performing some basic functions, sketching rough diagrams where necessary.</p>
<p>&emsp;&emsp;Create boxes with text and label, connect boxes with appropriate arrows. Save map and manipulate file format as desired, share (possibly via email).
Funcionalities are sparse but sufficient; lightweight. Snap-to-grid. Customizable label colors.</p>
</tr>

<tr><p>2) Is the program intended for a single user at a time?</p>
<p>&emsp;&emsp;Real-time collaboration would be appreciated, but is not a requirement due to complexity.</p>
</tr>

<tr><p>3) Are there any special operations you want to be able to perform on the data? (e.g., exporting to
a presentation program like PowerPoint)</p>
<p>&emsp;&emsp; Some form of persistent saves MUST be available. Not required, but pluses: working project
filetype, text output for accessibility (XML), saving maps as templates, annotations for grading. Analysis
functionality is NOT desired.</p>
</tr>

<tr><p>4) What will the user's primary method of interaction with the program be?</p>
<p>&emsp;Mouse and keyboard OR touchscreen. Emphasis on canvas area, as in image editing software. Scroll wheel to zoom, 
click and drag to pan. Elements/color selection in palette toolbar/window. Design with touchscreen accessibility
in mind.</p>
</tr>

<tr><p>5) What do you like about Rationale?</p>
<p>&emsp;&emsp;The push of an argument from the prettiness of the way lines connect.</p>
</tr>

<tr><p>6) What do you dislike about Rationale?</p>
<p>&emsp;&emsp;It is hard to hook things together. It includes too much, more than what we need or want.</p>
</tr>

<tr><p>7) What are the components of the interface?</p>
<p>&emsp;&emsp;A canvas to work on (mouse grab/zoom), support/opposition boxes (right click to change properties), button to save, button to share.</p>
</tr>

<tr><p>8) Should we guide the user?</p>
<p>&emsp;&emsp;No, let them make mistakes.</p>
</tr>

<tr><p>9) Should the premises be labeled?</p>
<p>&emsp;&emsp;Yes.</p>
</tr>

<tr><p>10) Should there be support documentation?</p>
<p>Tooltips for the interface tools, but it's up to the teachers to figure out how to make use of the software.</p>
</tr>

</table>

</body>
</html>