<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
        "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<title>User Stories</title>
</head>
<body lang="en-us" dir="ltr">
<h1>User Stories</h1>
<h2>Team C</h2>

<br />

<h3>Sections</h3>
<ul>
	<li><a href="#general_requirements">General Requirements</a></li>
	<li><a href="#appearance">Appearance</a></li>
	<li><a href="#user_interface">User Interface</a></li>
	<li><a href="#utility">Utility</a></li>
</ul>

<hr />
	
<h3 id="general_requirements">General Requirements</h3>
<ul>
	<li>When starting a new project, only the contention is present.</li>
</ul>

<br />

<h3 id="appearance">Appearance</h3>
<ul>
	<li>Borders of claim boxes and text areas within the claims have rounded corners.</li>
	<li>When editing a project, each claim contains a text area within a field (colored appropriately for
	support, refutation, and rebuttal), a label (identifying the claim
	type), and buttons to append new support and refutation claims.</li>
	<li>Connectors between claims are curved and tapered.</li>
</ul>

<br />

<h3 id="user_interface">User Interface</h3>
<ul>
	
	<li>I can click on the content of aclaim and edit it.</li>
	<li>A claim has separate buttons to	append support and refutation claims.</li>
	<li>When I create a child claim, it is joined to the parent claim by connectors of different colors and
	endpoints (depending on if they are support or refutation).</li>
	<li>When I delete a claim, it and all of its children are removed.</li>
	<li>When I delete the contention, all children are deleted and the contention text is deleted, but the
	contention box remains on the screen.</li>
	<li>When I attempt to delete a claim that has children, I am prompted with a confirmation dialog.</li>
</ul>

<br />

<h3 id="utility">Utility</h3>
<ul>
	<li>I can save and load projects at any point.</li>
</ul>

<hr />

<p>
Created by: Anthony Blount <br />
$Date: 2013-04-09 14:39:48 $
</p>

</body>
</html>